add llvm spir-v backend to readme (#37)
Rust-GPU/rust-gpu: README.md

Historical and other related projects for compiling Rust code to GPUs.

> - [SPIR-V LLVM backend](https://llvm.org/docs/SPIRVUsage.html) compiles to OpenCL SPIR-V, which is not the same subset of capabilities as the Vulkan ones supported here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SPIR-V LLVM backend](https://llvm.org/docs/SPIRVUsage.html) Compiles to OpenCL SPIR-V, which differs from Vulkan SPIR-V used by Rust GPU.
```
